Once upon a time, the storytellers
Fantastic beings, whose mission was to discover magical places
And tell the rest of the world
Suddenly the unexpected happened
One of the last storytellers, opened a hope
From the high seas he sensed beaches
And he entered gorges of great beauty,
for the wild and intact environment that surrounds them
and ran and jumped and climbed
Until knowing the protector of that land
as if it were the perfect guardian
this guided him through an adventure of silence
and majesty
"We will witness our journey and we will witness his greatness," he said.
the storyteller furrowed the interior of that world
admiring a formidable spectacle of ravines
marked by tongues of fire of dragons, today asleep
A magical place, where time stands still
In which the tail appears, of the mythical dragon
He told everyone that he had discovered a place where "it seems that you touch the sky with your hands while keeping your feet on the ground"
In which you feel THE KING OF THE WORLD
He warned, disapproval, of what one day was an island of splendid greenery
That fantasy land captivated him
He heard the silence broken by the murmur of the sea
The roar of unbeatable underwater creatures, spitting water
The storyteller described that world turning completely blue, for 1 hour
and there he discovered that you can walk on water
That if you want, you can swim on the sand
That dreams inhabit a huge desert and end up in the sea
Come
That there is not a single day, in which the landscape is the same
To this fairytale island!